Feature/dx 479 swish after payment (#106)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/swish/after-payment.md

{% include alert-development-section.md %}

## Operations

> 

Reviewer: Why shouldn't we describe "Create Payment" in other features?

Author: Ref the two comments above. We are not sure where to place it.

> ## Payment Resource

Reviewer 2: Suggest to move this part to Other Features just like the other instruments

This section describes the general sub-resources of the API that are used to
generate payment requests.

> ## Create Payment

Reviewer 2: Suggest to move this part to Other Features just like the other instruments

> ## Create Payment

Reviewer 3: This is before "after payment" ? move this out ? maybe to other features or lets divide this into redirect/direct

Author: It's been moved

> ## Create Payment

Reviewer 4: Subject for discussion during the grooming tomorrow.

          "created": "2016-09-14T01:01:01.01Z",
          "updated": "2016-09-14T01:01:01.03Z",
          "type": "Sale",
          "state": "Initialized",
          "number": 1234567890,
          "amount": 1000,
          "vatAmount": 250,
          "description": "Test transaction",
          "payeeReference": "AH123456",

>           "isOperational": "true",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "isOperational": true,
```

}
```

### Create Sales transaction

> In browser based solutions the payers `msisdn`(mobile number) is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In browser based solutions the payers `msisdn` (mobile number) is required.
```

This is managed either by sending a `POST` request as seen below,
or by redirecting the end-user to the hosted payment page.
The `msisdn` is only required for browser based solutions.

> In-app solutions and flow, the consumer uses the device that hosts the Swish app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With mobile app based solutions, the consumer uses the device that hosts the Swish app
```

to manage the purchase, making `msisdn` optional.

{:.code-header}
**Browser-based Request**

```http

> POST /psp/swish/payments/<paymentId>/sales HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: Please use real UUID values (preferably the same everywhere) instead of `<payment.id>` and `<paymentId>`.

```suggestion
POST /psp/swish/payments/5adc265f-f87f-4313-577e-08d3dca1a26c/sales HTTP/1.1
```

```

{:.code-header}
**In-app Request**

```http

> POST /psp/swish/payments/20dfbcb9-587a-4ce9-e63e-08d519f1802f/sales HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: Rebase and use `page.paymentId`?

                    "created": "2016-09-14T01:01:01.01Z",
                    "updated": "2016-09-14T01:01:01.03Z",
                    "type": "Reversal",
                    "state": "Completed",
                    "number": 1234567890,
                    "amount": 1000,
                    "vatAmount": 250,
                    "description": "Test transaction",
                    "payeeReference": "AH123456",

>                     "isOperational": "TRUE",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    "isOperational": true,
```

            "vatAmount": 250,
            "description": "Test transaction",
            "payeeReference": "AH123456",
            "isOperational": false,
            "operations": []
        }
    }
}
```

{:.table .table-striped}
| Property              | Type     | Description                                                                              |
| :-------------------- | :------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `payment`             | `string` | The relative URI of the payment this capture transaction belongs to.                     |
| `reversal`            | `object` | The `reversal` object contains information about this `reversal`.                        |
| └➔&nbsp;`id`          | `string` | The relative URI of the created capture transaction.                                     |
| └➔&nbsp;`transaction` | `object` | The object representation of the generic [transaction][technical-reference-transaction]. |

## Abort

To abort a payment order, send a request to `/psp/swish/payments/{{paymentId}}`.
You need to include the following `HTTP` body:

{:.code-header}
**Request**

```http

> PATCH /psp/payments/5adc265f-f87f-4313-577e-08d3dca1a26c HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: Use `page.paymentId`?

            "created": "2016-09-14T01:01:01.01Z",
            "updated": "2016-09-14T01:01:01.03Z",
            "type": "Reversal",
            "state": "Completed",
            "number": 1234567890,
            "amount": 1000,
            "vatAmount": 250,
            "description": "Test transaction",
            "payeeReference": "AH123456",

>             "isOperational": "FALSE",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "isOperational": false,
```
